add solution to qt_gui_cpp build failure (#400)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Installation/Eloquent/OSX-Development-Setup.rst

The first command is necessary to avoid things built against the system libjpeg (etc.) from getting the version in /usr/local/lib.
The others are updating things built by Homebrew so that they can find the version of libjpeg (etc.) without having them in /usr/local/lib.

qt_gui_cpp error: SIP binding generator NOT available
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

When building qt_gui_cpp there may be errors look like the following:

.. code-block:: bash

   --- stderr: qt_gui_cpp
   CMake Warning at /home/kim/ros2_ws/install/python_qt_binding/share/python_qt_binding/cmake/sip_helper.cmake:17 (message):
     SIP binding generator NOT available.
   Call Stack (most recent call first):

>      src/qt_gui_cpp_sip/CMakeLists.txt:54 (include)

Reviewer: This part is only a warning. I would suggest to either remove it from here or mention it separately since that warning will still be around even after installing the dependencies.

   CMake Error at src/CMakeLists.txt:10 (message):
     No Python binding generator found.

   ---
   Failed   <<< qt_gui_cpp [ Exited with code 1 ]

> To fix this issue, follow steps here https://index.ros.org/doc/ros2/Tutorials/RQt-Source-Install-MacOS/ to install dependencies for RQt.

Reviewer 2: @claireyywang consider using a relative document link, like:
```suggestion
To fix this issue, follow `these steps <../../Tutorials/RQt-Source-Install-MacOS>` to install dependencies for RQt.
```

> To fix this issue, follow steps here https://index.ros.org/doc/ros2/Tutorials/RQt-Source-Install-MacOS/ to install dependencies for RQt.

Reviewer: Use relative links instead of absolute.
